# Software-Test-and-Automation

How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?

There are many ways to ensure code is functional and secure, one of which is testing. Testing your code will allow you to have functional and secure code by following testing techniques such as black-box, white-box and boundary testing. Black-box testing will focus on the functionality of the code making sure that system requirements are met. White-box testing means to test the structure of the code validating that the data flows throughout the program properly, this helps in finding logical errors. Boundary testing is going to help ensure that edge cases are handled when given specific data as an attempt to break the code.

How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?

A sure sound way to interpret the users needs is to conduct interviews with said user, understanding their expectations and needs of the program are essential. Teaming up with multiple users to help come up with ideas can also help with identifying the needs of the program and also come up with system solutions. A great way to interpret the users needs is to create user personas, make a detailed list of the different types of people who would use the software and find your audience and cater towards them, while also trying to tie in multiple audiences making the software friendly to all users. Applying iterative development is also useful when it comes to using Agile methods, it promotes a constant feedback loop which is essential for adjusting to users needs or expectations.

How do I approach designing software?

I would approach designing software by first clearly defining the scope of the project and documenting all functional and non-functional requirements. Create a system outline that has its main components and how it interacts with objects. Using design patterns to reduce bugs and increase time will aid us as well, the means creating test driven development as a means to start so that we have reliable code that aligns with software design requirments. We should also break down components so that they are smaller and can be well detailed and faster to develop. Next, would be to design the database so that it matches the functionality of our design. Next, we should create a testing plan to make sure our code is tested properly, CI/CD is an important system to implement because it will allow code to integrate within itself and deploy as its tested and passes the checks. Regressive testing helps find where code went wrong without damaging the whole program. Lastly, making detailed documentation for other developers is essential for the maintainability of your code. After launch, we should be reviewing the design of the product to ensure it meets all user needs and expectations.
